docs: clarify strictNullChecks required for MergeDeep usage (#22012)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/api/rest/generating-types.mdx

>
```

> *Note that using `MergeDeep` requires setting `compilerOptions.strictNullChecks` to `true` in your `tsconfig.json`*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="note">

To use `MergeDeep`, set `compilerOptions.strictNullChecks` to `true` in your `tsconfig.json`.

</Admonition>
```
